[Music]
here's your weekend ticket I have a twin
brother brother baby boo that RunAs
minions are back to their villainous
ways in Despicable Me 3 what is it you
do I'm a driver an expert getaway driver
gets in over his head on a heist he
knows won't end well in baby driver baby
baby baby we don't lie because otherwise
the kids are gonna realize it we will
ferrell and amy poehler star in this
comedy about a couple who start an
underground casino in the house I feel
like a badass see what's hot in
theaters with this week's fan tissa
patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]